and in my own life in this country and
as president I have learned that our
identities do not have to be defined by
putting someone else down but can be
enhanced by lifting somebody else up if
they don't have to be defined in
opposition to others but rather by a
belief in liberty and equality and
justice and fairness and the embrace of
these principles as universal doesn't
weaken my particular pride my particular
love for America it strengthens it my
belief that these ideals apply
everywhere it doesn't lessen my
commitment to help those who look like
me or pray as I do or pledge allegiance
to my flag but my faith in those
principles does force me to expand my
moral imagination and to recognize that
I can best serve my own people I can
best look after my own daughters by
making sure that my actions seek what is
right for all people and all children
and your daughters and your sons
this is what I believe that all of us
can be co-workers with God and our
leadership and our governments and this
United Nations should reflect this
irreducible truth thank you very much
hey NBC News fans thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down here and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives thanks
for watching